feat(curriculum): add maps and sets workshop to FSD cert (#57189)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-plant-nursery-catalog/6737a95d5b431860f96ca7bb.md

---
id: 6737a95d5b431860f96ca7bb
title: Step 27
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-27
---

# --description--

> Now try to add again the `ballerina` object to `catalogSet` inside your function. You'll see that nothing happens, because the object is already stored in your set and duplicate elements are not allowed in sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now try to add the `ballerina` object to your `catalogSet` inside your function a second time. You'll see that nothing happens, because the object is already stored in your set and duplicate elements are not allowed in sets.
```
